README.md, before:

# VanillaHN
VanillaHN is a simple [Hacker News](https://news.ycombinator.com/) client, built using only plain (vanilla) JavaScript—no frameworks involved.

The goal of this project is to become a [Baseline PWA](https://developers.google.com/web/progressive-web-apps/checklist#baseline), by using only plain (vanilla) JavaScript.

Once that is achieved, the goal is to take it a step further and become an [Exemplary PWA](https://developers.google.com/web/progressive-web-apps/checklist#exemplary), again, by using only plain (vanilla) JavaScript.

![](https://tonnygaric.com/content/3-projects/vanillahn/vanillahn-cover.png)

## Getting Started
### Prerequisites
- The latest version of a modern webbrowser, like [Chrome](https://www.google.com/chrome/) or [Firefox](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/new/);
- [Git](https://git-scm.com/)—if you would like to contribute.

### 1. Clone
You can clone this repository using SSH or HTTPS.

#### Use SSH
Use an SSH key and passphrase from your account.
```
git@github.com:TonnyGaric/VanillaHN.git
```

#### Use HTTPS
Use Git or checkout with SVN using the web URL.

Note: If you have [two-factor authentication](https://help.github.com/articles/securing-your-account-with-two-factor-authentication-2fa/) enabled, you must create a [personal access token](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-personal-access-token-for-the-command-line/) to use as a password when authenticating to GitHub on the command line with HTTPS URLs.

```
https://github.com/TonnyGaric/VanillaHN.git
```

### 2. Running
- Open `index.html` in your webbrowser.

Note that you must enable JavaScript in your webbrowser. If for what ever reason it is not, and you do not know how to enable it, read and follow the instructions from [this website](https://www.enable-javascript.com/).

## Contributing
Feel free to contribute to VanillaHN. Be sure to review the [contributing guidelines](https://github.com/TonnyGaric/VanillaHN/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) and [code of conduct](https://github.com/TonnyGaric/VanillaHN/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## Contributors
Names of contributers should be added to this file like so:
```
- [@github-username](url-to-github-profile) - email address
```

*Please keep this list sorted.*

- [@TonnyGaric](https://github.com/TonnyGaric) - hello@tonnygaric.com

## Versioning
We use [SemVer](https://semver.org/) for versioning. For available versions, see the [tags in this repository](https://github.com/TonnyGaric/VanillaHN/tags).

## License
VanillaHN is licensed under the MIT License—see the [LICENSE file](https://github.com/TonnyGaric/VanillaHN/blob/master/LICENSE) for details.

Commit message:

Added screenshot and url of live demo to README.md

README.md, after:

# VanillaHN
VanillaHN is a simple [Hacker News](https://news.ycombinator.com/) client, built using only plain (vanilla) JavaScript—no frameworks involved.

The goal of this project is to become a [Baseline PWA](https://developers.google.com/web/progressive-web-apps/checklist#baseline), by using only plain (vanilla) JavaScript.

Once that is achieved, the goal is to take it a step further and become an [Exemplary PWA](https://developers.google.com/web/progressive-web-apps/checklist#exemplary), again, by using only plain (vanilla) JavaScript.

See a live demo of the latest version on https://tonnygaric.com/vanillahn

![](https://tonnygaric.com/content/3-projects/1-vanillahn/vanillahn-cover.png)

## Getting Started
### Prerequisites
- The latest version of a modern webbrowser, like [Chrome](https://www.google.com/chrome/) or [Firefox](https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/new/);
- [Git](https://git-scm.com/)—if you would like to contribute.

### 1. Clone
You can clone this repository using SSH or HTTPS.

#### Use SSH
Use an SSH key and passphrase from your account.
```
git@github.com:TonnyGaric/VanillaHN.git
```

#### Use HTTPS
Use Git or checkout with SVN using the web URL.

Note: If you have [two-factor authentication](https://help.github.com/articles/securing-your-account-with-two-factor-authentication-2fa/) enabled, you must create a [personal access token](https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-personal-access-token-for-the-command-line/) to use as a password when authenticating to GitHub on the command line with HTTPS URLs.

```
https://github.com/TonnyGaric/VanillaHN.git
```

### 2. Running
- Open `index.html` in your webbrowser.

Note that you must enable JavaScript in your webbrowser. If for what ever reason it is not, and you do not know how to enable it, read and follow the instructions from [this website](https://www.enable-javascript.com/).

## Contributing
Feel free to contribute to VanillaHN. Be sure to review the [contributing guidelines](https://github.com/TonnyGaric/VanillaHN/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) and [code of conduct](https://github.com/TonnyGaric/VanillaHN/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## Contributors
Names of contributers should be added to this file like so:
```
- [@github-username](url-to-github-profile) - email address
```

*Please keep this list sorted.*

- [@TonnyGaric](https://github.com/TonnyGaric) - hello@tonnygaric.com

## Versioning
We use [SemVer](https://semver.org/) for versioning. For available versions, see the [tags in this repository](https://github.com/TonnyGaric/VanillaHN/tags).

## License
VanillaHN is licensed under the MIT License—see the [LICENSE file](https://github.com/TonnyGaric/VanillaHN/blob/master/LICENSE) for details.
